take me out of the oven because I'm done
this is the fourth time I'm filming this
video because my camera likes to cut off
when I'm saying things that is very rude
canon camera I would appreciate it if
you did not technical difficulties aside
we're gonna do my September wrap up
finally today and this consists of seven
books that i read in the month of
September yeah yeah let's just get into
this because camera if you sass me one
more time he were going out the window
so the first book that I read I was
trying to finish up the mortal
instruments series for the first time
and therefore i read the City of Fallen
Angels this is my favorite one it's just
it's the shortest one and I don't know
why I love it so much but I like it more
than city of glass and it's just perfect
and I want to own all the characters I
want them to exist in a tangible sense
afterward I of course red city of lost
souls which was so good but now we have
to wait till may I love this series so
much I gave these both five stars and
honestly honestly I just obsessed so
after I finish this and kind of put me
in a little bit of a reading slump
because I was like there's no more Jace
to be experienced until may of 2014 what
does one do when there's no chase to
experience until 2014 so for a good week
I was just like bawling every time I
looked at a book like put your not Jace
so finally I just decided you know what
I have a book I need to review I'm just
gonna pick that one up and within a week
I finished at the shadow by AG Porter
which is a kind of paranormal type of
book um I already have an unboxing for
this that I explained what it's about so
I'll link that in the description and
then I just I liked it I gave it two
stars and just it was ok there is a
review that's gonna come so definitely
if you want to know how I liked this
just keep an eye out after that I
decided to pick up some library books
that I obviously don't have with me
right now cuz they're from the library
and those two books were the darkest
minds by Alexandra Bracken and followed
by lauren kate era the darkest minds
first when i ended up giving that four
stars I thought it was good but not
necessarily worth all of the dramatic hi
pickets I did however record a reaction
to my ending way my reaction to the
ending so if you want to see me bawl
like a little child upset about life
that I'll link that video in the
description then I read fallen by lauren
kate as i said in this one I guess was
just a little bit childish for me I
probably would have enjoyed it more if i
read it around the time that i read
twilight just because I felt the
conflict was kind of the same thing as
Twilight like I love you but we have a
vicious really not very and I may or may
not read the rest of the series so keep
an eye out I guess then I read the
crucible by Arthur Miller this book my
whole class was like we have to read a
book and I'm just this book is so good
these are all markings we don't have to
annotate this I was just like free will
I'm working my favorite parts and people
probably thought it was weird but I
liked it even though I only got a 58 on
the test it was a hard test okay like
everyone failed that thing I feel like
my hair is falling out is that a true
statement I don't know let's pretend
like it's not in keep filming lastly for
this month I finished cool work I almost
said princess but that's not what i read
i read the first one clockwork angel to
be honest this probably doesn't belong
on this list because i technically
finished this 1245 a.m. on october first
so let's just say the majority of that i
read in September
and i liked it i gave it four stars and
i was so expecting i would love this but
honestly the characters kind of annoyed
me it was a little bit slow and just I
didn't fancy some things that other
people might have enjoyed but I
definitely definitely want to read the
rest of this series because Oh Cassandra
Clare your writing is flawless yeah my
hair is most definitely coming out let's
just touchy touchy guppy I'm gonna be
doing my TBR video in a different video
so that will definitely be up soon and
we'll talk to you laterz that they keep
your watching lalala lalala why are we
seeing that bye